Screenshots update (#18)
ezsystems/ezpersonalization-documentation: docs/personalization/user_guide/dashboard.md

### Scenarios

The scenario overview shows all available scenarios. Additional info like a description and the delivered recommendations in the selected timeframes are also presented.

![Dashboard scenarios](../img/dashboard_scenarios.png)

> Scenarios with green status bars indicate that all models can provide recommendations. Yellow bars indicate that only a part of the configured models can provide recommendations and red ones indicate that no recommendations can be delivered see [8. Scenarios](scenarios.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scenarios with green status bars indicate that all models can provide recommendations. Yellow bars indicate that only a part of the configured models can provide recommendations and red ones indicate that no recommendations can be delivered. See [8. Scenarios](scenarios.md).
```

### Models

This tab allows you to see all available models and configure them, see [6. Recommendation Models](recommendation_models.md) 

![Dashboard models](../img/dashboard_models.png)

### Revenue details

This tab shows you when recommendations were bought and how much time passed between the click on the recommendation and the buying event.

![Dashboard Added Revenue](../img/dashboard_added_revenue.png)

### A/B Testing

This tab holds an overview of A/B Tests. Finished, currently running and scheduled tests are listed here.

![Dashboard A/B Tests](../img/dashboard_ab_tests.png)

### Plugins

If a plugin was used to register the service, specific settings can be configured under **Plugins**.

![Dashboard Plugins](../img/dashboard_plugins.png)

### Import/Export

Item import jobs are used to fetch data from a customer system. Data-mappings and schedule times are defined here.

![Dashboard Item Import](../img/dashboard_item_import.png)

### Newsletter

> Newsletters are sent out if certain events happen, like a user did not come back for n days or the shopping cart was abandoned. Style and conditions are configured in **Newsletter** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Newsletters are sent out if certain events happen, e.g. a user did not come back for a number of days or the shopping cart was abandoned. Style and conditions are configured in the **Newsletter** tab.
```
